Camerica Constitution

Book 1: Introduction

This series of books is the constitution of a city-state known officially as New Camerica, while being known publicly as Camerica. It is the contiuation of a city built in Minecraft Bedrock Edition on the founder (Lennon McLean)'s Xbox One. The constitution contains the ideals and laws of the city-state. The co founders of the state must sign below for it to take effect.

Sign below

X_Lennon McLean______ Lennon McLean
X_Noah Bell__________ Noah Bell

Book 2: Territory

Camerica is a small City-State, a self-governing territory considered a city. The laws of Camerica apply within its borders, no farther and no smaller. The borders are created and expanded on by adding city blocks. City blocks are an area of grass surrounded by roads. the city is built on top of the blocks. The territory is ever changing as of when this constitution was written, and it will probably be constantly changing forever. The border surrounds all of the city blocks. Every block, from bedrock to sky limit, is in Camerica's territory and therefore all of its laws apply. If territory is outside its borders, no laws apply. For all that is concerned, it is anarchic, that is, unless another state is created and acknoledged by the Government of Camerica, in which case, that state's laws and constitution apply. If a dispute with another acknoledged state is come across, the dispute must be settled as soon as possible. If it is not settled, the opposing state must be forcibly removed from the area. If they fight back, war must be declared on the opposing state.

Book 3: Government

Camerica's government is considered a benevolent constitutional dictatorship and monarchy. It has 3 official positions of power that can be occupied by a single person each. The mayor, the deputy mayor, and the monarch. The mayor is considered a dictator, although the position is not called as such. He or she has absolute power* over the city-state. He or she can add, remove, and change laws, as well as in rare occations, pass constitutional amendments. The position is occupied by Camerica's founder, Lennon McLean. If the mayor feels no longer fit for the position, he or she may choose any other citzen of Camerica to be the next mayor. The mayor is never constitutionally obliged to give up power at any point. The deputy mayor acts as an advisor/assistant to the mayor. They have the same powers except that when the deputy mayor uses his or her powers, consent must be given in a written format by the mayor. The position is occupied by Camerica's co-founder, Noah Bell. The same power-changing laws apply to the deputy mayor as the mayor. The monarch also has absolute power* over Camerica, however, cannot control when he or she can use it. Whenever the mayor sees fit, he or she can oblige the monarch to use their power in a specific fashion. The monarch is CONSTITUTIONALLY OBLIGED to use their power immidiately upon demand, and never any other time. The position is initially occupied by Cole Generic. The monarch must give up their power and choose a citizen to take over as monarch on January 1st every year. They can also choose to give up power at any other time.

* Absolute power refers to the ability to do anything they would like. However, if a law prohibits a certain action, they mustn't do that action.

Book 4: Economy

Camerica's economy is completely capitalist and free-market, except that the megacorporation CamX Industrial is completely endorsed by the government of Camerica.

Book 5: Rights and Freedoms

Camerica grants the freedoms of thought and expression, as well as the freedom of the press to its citizens. It also grants freedom of speech in the chat as long as you follow socio-cultural rules surrounding swear words and just be a nice person. Freedom of religion is also granted, but it is recommended that you be a pandist.

Book 6: Ministries and Board of Camerica

The government of camerica is divided into ministries and boards. These ministries and boards are each headed by a minister, who is appointed by the Mayor. the ministries and boards and their respective responsibilities are as follows.

Book 7: Conclusion

The Camerica constitution is by far the most important document in Camerica's history. It should be preserved and never discarded at https://lennons-website.herokuapp.com/constitution.txt
